README.md, before:

Just some playing round with Python and Web Stuff, using "make a python version of the boardgame Acquire" as an excuse.

### File organization
server.js - the flask web server, loading all the blueprints (sub-pages)
lobby/lobbyrest - a REST interface for listing games and (eventually) asking to join them
games - the python code that encapsulates the games themselves
games/tilebag - what is becoming, mostly, an acquire implementation
clientweb - a client that visits the lobby and can play/render the game

### About coding choices
Mostly this project was to play around with some 'raw' technologies, so I don't use a lot of plugins and frameworks that likely would have made this trivial. It's ultimately just python, javascript, and css. I used flask for the webserver, and a last-minute addition of the flask-socketio plugin was to enable real-time-ish notification of other clients when someone makes a change to the game state - right now it just instructs the client to fetch the game state again via the REST interface

### If you want to leverage Vagrant and contain all this yumminess in its own virtual machine
Install Vagrant and VirtualBox
Get the right base VM from hashicorp
$ vagrant box add ubuntu/xenial64
And spin that puppy up, wait, then ssh into it (It'll make sure the vm has the right tools for ya)
$ vagrant up
$ vagrant ssh

### Running / Testing the code
Create a virtual-env and install the dependencies
$ python3 -mvenv ~/blah
$ source ~/blah/bin/activate
(virtual-env) $ pip3 install -r requirements.txt
NOTE: run these apps from the root folder via:
(virtual-env) $ python3 -m server
 - then launch a browser and point to: localhost:5000/test/tile

# to test the game classes (unit tests)
(virtual-env) $ python3 -m games.tilebag.player
(virtual-env) $ python3 -m games.tilebag.tiles
(virtual-env) $ python3 -m games.tilebag.board
(virtual-env) $ python3 -m games.tilebag.hotels
(virtual-env) $ python3 -m games.tilebag.tilebag

# to play the game
Run the server (see above). Then navigate to <localhost:5000/somestring>, it'll let you create and start a game.
 
# to load a save game (or a test one)
$ curl -i -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d @t3.json http://localhost:5000/gamelobby/v1/games

Commit message:

aiplayerrest: can make a player a bot via REST, needs some duplicate checks and some start/stop logic

README.md, after:

Just some playing round with Python and Web Stuff, using "make a python version of the boardgame Acquire" as an excuse.

### File organization
server.js - the flask web server, loading all the blueprints (sub-pages)
lobby/lobbyrest - a REST interface for listing games and (eventually) asking to join them
games - the python code that encapsulates the games themselves
games/tilebag - what is becoming, mostly, an acquire implementation
clientweb - a client that visits the lobby and can play/render the game

### About coding choices
Mostly this project was to play around with some 'raw' technologies, so I don't use a lot of plugins and frameworks that likely would have made this trivial. It's ultimately just python, javascript, and css. I used flask for the webserver, and a last-minute addition of the flask-socketio plugin was to enable real-time-ish notification of other clients when someone makes a change to the game state - right now it just instructs the client to fetch the game state again via the REST interface

### If you want to leverage Vagrant and contain all this yumminess in its own virtual machine
Install Vagrant and VirtualBox
Get the right base VM from hashicorp
$ vagrant box add ubuntu/xenial64
And spin that puppy up, wait, then ssh into it (It'll make sure the vm has the right tools for ya)
$ vagrant up
$ vagrant ssh

### Creating the right setup to dev/run
Create a virtual-env and install the dependencies
$ python3 -mvenv ~/blah
$ source ~/blah/bin/activate
(virtual-env) $ pip3 install -r requirements.txt

### to test the game classes (unit tests)
NOTE: run these apps from the root folder via:
(virtual-env) $ python3 -m games.tilebag.player
(virtual-env) $ python3 -m games.tilebag.tiles
(virtual-env) $ python3 -m games.tilebag.board
(virtual-env) $ python3 -m games.tilebag.hotels
(virtual-env) $ python3 -m games.tilebag.tilebag

# to run the server
(virtual-env) $ python3 -m server
 - then launch a browser and point to: localhost:5000/test/tile
 - WARNING: aiplayerrest won't work, because of threading issue (eventlet), use gunicorn below
### OR, to mimick what it'll be in prod on GAE
 (virtual-env) $ gunicorn -b :5000 server:app
 - WARNING: when dev'ing gunicorn won't restart when you change the code, you have to do that yourself

# to play the game
Run the server (see above). Then navigate to <localhost:5000/somestring>, it'll let you create and start a game.
 
# to load a save game (or a test one)
$ curl -i -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST -d @t3.json http://localhost:5000/gamelobby/v1/games

# to make a player into an AI
$ curl -i -H "Content-Type: application/json" -X POST http://localhost:5000/ai/<gameid>/<playerid>
